Add specs (#2)
ImMPrada/top_caesar_cipher: README.md

This solution contains a MEMORY hash to store the ciphered value of a letter, in order to return fast when it is a repeated letter on the string

> ### How to try
> 
> - clone the repo
> - got to de repo's folder on your machine
> - this repo solution is using Ruby 3.1.2, if you are using rbenv: `rbenv local 3.1.2`
> - run `bundle install`, this allows you to run specs
> - solution propoused is at lib/
> - to run specs: `rspec`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup instructions

- Clone the repo
- Go to the repo's folder on your machine
- This repo solution is using Ruby 3.1.2, if you are using rbenv: `rbenv install 3.1.2`
- Run `bundle install` to install the ruby dependencies
- The solution proposed is at lib/
- To run the specs: `bundle exec rspec`
```
